Business Description: All Day Roofing and More is a general contractor specializing in roofing. The company services both residential and commercial clients within 75 miles of Fairfax, Virginia.  The company has been in business for over 30 years.

Products: Camelot Shingles
Services: New Roofing
Services: Roof Repair
Services: Emergency Roof Repair
Services: Roof Inspection
Services: Roofing Estimates
Services Roof Leak Repair
Services: Tar roof
Services: Flat Roof
Services: Membrane Roof
Services: Freeze Board
Services: Aerial Drone Roof Inspection
Services: Aerial Drone Roof estimates
Services: Gutter Installation
Services: Gutter Inspection
Services: Gutter Maintenance
Services: Gutter Leaf Guard installation
Services: Drip Edge Installation
Services: Painting
Services: Siding Install
Services: Window Install
Services: Skylight Install
Services: Interior repairs
Services: Water Mitigation
Services: Mold Mitigation
Services: Full service Contractor
Services: Home Renovation
Services: Insurance Claims
Services: Services: Siding
Services: Seamless Gutters
Services: Windows
Services: Doors
Services: Fascia boards 
Services: Soffits
Services: Skylights
Services: Attic Fans
Services: Attic insulation
Services: Attic Rodent Removal 
Services: Chimney Flashing
Services: Interior Drywall  Repair

Website: alldayroofingandmore.com
Address: 2809 Dorr Avenue Suite A 
City: Fairfax
State: Virginia
Zip Code: 22031
Phone: 703.627.0771
eMail: Info@alldayroofingandmore.com
President: Daniel Nannucci

Hours of operation Monday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Monday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Tuesday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Tuesday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Wednesday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Wednesday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Thursday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Thursday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Friday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Friday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Saturday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Saturday Close: 6PM
Hours of operation Sunday Open: 8AM
Hours of operation Sunday Close: 4PM

Licensed: Yes
Insured: Yes
Bonded: Yes
Warranty: 5 Year labor
Guarantee: 100% Satisfaction
Better Business Bureau: Accredited

Financing: Bank financing
Accept Insurance: Yes

Reviews: Google
Reviews: Nextdoor

Awards: 2022 Consumer Choice Award
Awards: Roofing Contractor of the Year 

Fact:  A complete roof installation includes removing the old roof, repairing any damage, and installing the new roofing system typically takes one to two days.

Fact: If our price is higher than the competition, it is because  we are a licensed and insured roofing company. Any lower quote would reflect a compromise of quality either with installation or materials.

Fact: We do not subcontract.

Fact: You will not get dropped by your home insurance carrier unless you file three or more claims in a year.

Fact:  Insurance companies raise premiums by region not for individual claims. Areas that have been heavily hit with lots of claims will be faced with higher premiums.

Fact:  All of our roofers have passed a strict background test and skill assessment.

Fact: Here are signs you may need a new roof- Water Spots ,Damp or Rotted Roof Areas, Missing Shingles, Blackish Algae, Defective Shingles.

Fact: Estimates done with our aerial based drones are guaranteed within 24 hours.

Fact: A site visit to deliver an estimate takes between 30 and 60 minutes. 

Fact: Your roof can represent up to 40 percent of the curb appeal.

Fact: We specialize in assisting homeowners with insurance claims, including detailed inspections and communicating with insurance adjusters.

Fact: You do not need to be home during the installation, but you're welcome to stay if you prefer.

Fact: To file an insurance claim for roof damage, you'll need your insurance policy details, the date and type of storm, photos of damage, and the professional damage report we provide.

Fact: Permits are generally required for new roofs in Virginia. We handle the entire permitting process for you.

Fact: We offer special discounts to veterans, seniors, and first responders as a thank-you for their service and dedication.

Fact: We provide comprehensive gutter installation, repair, and cleaning services.

Fact: We are experienced with historic properties and specialty roofing materials, ensuring compliance with preservation standards.

Fact: We offer installation and repair services for skylights and roof vents.

Fact: Storms and hurricanes can significantly reduce your roof's lifespan due to immediate damage or accelerated wear and tear.

Fact: If it rains while we are installing a new roof, we quickly tarp your home to prevent damage.

Fact: Roofing can be done year-round.
Fact: Roofing requires regular inspections, prompt repair of damaged shingles or flashing, and keeping gutters clean.

Fact: A roof’s lifespan can be increased by having routine inspections, making timely repairs, maintaining gutters and providing proper attic ventilation.

Fact: Roofs should be inspected annually and after major storms to identify issues early.

Fact: Storm damage, aging shingles, poor installation, and clogged gutters are the mosr common causes of roof leaks.

Fact: We always remove the old roof before putting on a new one so we can inspect the decking and ensure optimal installation quality.

Fact: We carefully cover landscaping and property around your home with protective tarps to minimize any disruption or damage while installing a new roof.

Fact: We offer roofing repairs, but extensive damage typically requires a full replacement.

Fact: Preparation for a roof replacement includes clearing your driveway and immediate surroundings, removing fragile items from interior walls due to vibrations, and securing outdoor furniture.



